Yeah, they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin'
They wishin' on me, yuh
I been movin' calm, don't start no trouble with me
Tryna keep it peaceful is a struggle for me
Don't pull up at 6 AM to cuddle with me
You know how I like it when you lovin' on me
I don't wanna die for them to miss me
Yes, I see the things that they wishin' on me
Hope I got some brothers that outlive me
They gon' tell the story, shit was different with me
God's plan, God's plan
I hold back, sometimes I won't, yuh
I feel good, sometimes I don't, ayy, don't
I finessed down Weston Road, ayy, 'nessed
Might go down a G.O.D., yeah, wait
I go hard on Southside G, yuh, wait
I make sure that north-side eat
And still, bad things
It's a lot of bad things
That they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin'
She said, "Do you love me?" I tell her, "Only partly"
I only love my bed and my mama, I'm sorry
Fifty Dub, I even got it tatted on me
81, they'll bring the crashers to the party
Turn the O2 into the O3, dog
Without 40, Oli, there’d be no me
Imagine if I never met the broskies
I can't do this on my own, ayy, no, ayy
Someone watchin' this shit close, yep, close
I've been me since Scarlett Road, ayy, road, ayy
Might go down as G.O.D., yeah, wait
I go hard on Southside G, ayy, wait
I make sure that north-side eat, yuh
They wishin' on me, yeah, yeah
They wishin' on me, yeah
Trap, TrapMoneyBenny
This shit got me in my feelings
Gotta be real with it, yuh
Kiki, do you love me? Are you riding?
Say you'll never ever leave from beside me
'Cause I want ya, and I need ya
And I'm down for you always
KB, do you love me? Are you riding?
Look, the new me is really still the real me
I swear you gotta feel me before they try and kill me
They gotta make some choices, they runnin' out of options
'Cause I've been goin' off and they don't know when it's stoppin'
And when you get to toppin', I see that you've been learnin'
And when I take you shoppin', you spend it like you earned it
And when you popped off on your ex he deserved it
I thought you were the one from the jump that confirmed it
I buy you Champagne but you love some Henny
From the block like you Jenny
I know you special, girl, 'cause I know too many
'Resha, do you love me? Are you riding?
J.T., do you love me? Are you riding?
Two bad bitches and we kissin' in the Wraith
Kissin'-kissin' in the Wraith, kiss-kissin' in the Wraith
I need that black card and the code to the safe
Code to the safe, code-code to the safe-safe
I show him how that neck work
Fuck that Netflix and chill—what's your net-net-net worth?
Yea, yea, yea, yea he bad
Yea, yea, yea, guess who's back
Black biggy biggy black biggy black blake
D-d-down for you always
I got a new boy, and that nigga trade!
'Cause I want you, and I need you
'Cause I want ya, and I–
Skate and Smoke and Rap
Bring that ass, bring that ass, bring that ass back!
B-bring that ass, bring that ass, bring that ass back!
Shawty say the nigga that she with can't hit
But shawty, I'ma hit it, hit it like I can't miss
Clap that ass, you're the only one I love
Clap that ass, clap-clap that ass!
Bring that ass back!
Clap-clap-clap that ass, you're the only one I love
Let's go, let's go, let's go!
I just gotta be real with it, yup
BlaqNmilD, you a genius, you diggin' me?
I don't even care, I need a photo with Drake
Because my Instagram is weak as fuck
I'm just being real, my shit look–
You used to call me on my
You used to, you used to
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
And I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
Ever since I left the city, you
Got a reputation for yourself now
Everybody knows and I feel left out
Girl, you got me down, you got me stressed out
‘Cause ever since I left the city, you
Started wearing less and goin' out more
Glasses of champagne out on the dance floor
Hangin' with some girls I've never seen before
Ever since I left the city, you, you, you
You and me, we just don't get along
You make me feel like I did you wrong
Going places where you don't belong
You got exactly what you asked for
Running out of pages in your passport
These days, all I do is
Wonder if you're bendin' over backwards for someone else
Wonder if you're rolling up a Backwoods for someone else
Doing things I taught you, gettin' nasty for someone else
You don't need no one else
You don't need nobody else, no
Why you never alone?
Why you always touching road?
Used to always stay at home
Be a good girl, you was in the zone
Yeah, you should just be yourself
Right now, you're someone else
Ever since I left the city…
Baby, I like your style
Grips on your waist, front way, back way
You know that I don't play
Streets not safe but I never run away
There's never much love when we go OT
I pray to make it back in one piece
That's why I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
Strength and guidance
All that I'm wishing for my friends
Nobody makes it from my ends
I had to bust up the silence
You know you gotta stick by me
Soon as you see the text, reply me
I don't wanna spend time fighting
And that's why I need a one dance
Got a pretty girl and she love me long time
Wine it, wine it, very long time
Oh yeah, very long time
Back up, back up, back up and wine it
Back up, back up and wine it, girl
Back, up, back up and wine it, girl
I need to know, where do you wanna go?
Cause if you're down, I'll take it slow
Make you lose control
Where, where, where
Where, where, where, where
Cause if you're down
Back up, back up and
I got my eyes on you
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you
You left your mark on me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
I know exactly who you could be
Just hold on, we're going home
It's hard to do these things alone
Just hold on, we're going home (going home)
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)
You're the girl, you're the one
Gave you everything I loved
I think there's something, baby
